Add support for inference args in transformers (#8563)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/models.rst

include the following additional metadata about model inputs and outputs that can be used by
downstream tooling:

* :ref:`Model Signature <model-signature>` - description of a model's inputs, outputs and parameters.
* :ref:`Model Input Example <input-example>` - example of a valid model input.

.. _model-signature:

Model Signature
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Model signatures define input, output and parameters schemas for MLflow models, providing a standard 

> interface to codify and enforce the correct use of your models. Sigatures are fetched by the MLflow Tracking

Reviewer: Looks like we introduced a typo

```suggestion
interface to codify and enforce the correct use of your models. Signatures are fetched by the MLflow Tracking
```

    Function (pyfunc) flavor of MLflow models. Hence, it is recommended that you assign your model
    a signature that matches its PyFunc flavor. Usually, generating the model signature involves calling
    :py:func:`infer_signature() <mlflow.models.infer_signature>` on your raw model's test dataset

>     and predicted output of that dataset, params is an optional field that's used for inference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and predicted output of that dataset, optionally specifying parameters used for inference. 
```

Column-based schemas are a sequence of (optionally) named columns with type specified as one of the
:py:class:`MLflow data types <mlflow.types.DataType>`.
Tensor-based schemas are a sequence of (optionally) named tensors with type specified as one of the
`numpy data types <https://numpy.org/devdocs/user/basics.types.html>`_. 
Params schema is a sequence of ParamSpec, each of which contains ``name``, ``type``, ``default`` and ``shape`` fields.
``type`` field must be specified as one of the :py:class:`MLflow data types <mlflow.types.DataType>`, and ``shape`` 

> field should be ``None`` for scalar parameters, or (-1,) for list parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
field should be ``None`` for scalar parameters, or ``(-1,)`` for list parameters.
```

  signature:
      inputs: '[{"name": "images", "dtype": "uint8", "shape": [-1, 28, 28, 1]}]'
      outputs: '[{"shape": [-1, 10], "dtype": "float32"}]'
      params: None

Signature with params Example
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The params field is optional and is used to specify parameters that can be used for model inference.
Params accept scalar values of type :py:class:`MLflow data types <mlflow.types.DataType>`, or a list

> of such values. Default value for a parameter can be specified by setting ``default`` field, and it 
> should be of the type specified by ``type`` field. ``shape`` field can be used to specify the shape 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of such values. The default value of a parameter is specified by setting the ``default`` field, and the value
should be of the type specified by ``type`` field. The ``shape`` field can be used to specify the shape 
```

> of the value, it should be None for scalar values, and (-1,) for a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the value, it should be ``None`` for scalar values and ``(-1,)`` for a list.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    signature:
        inputs: '[{"name": "text", "type": "string"}]'

>         outputs: '[{"name": "output", "type": "string"}]'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       outputs: '[{"name": "output", "type": "string"}]'
```

For models with tensor-based signatures, type checking is strict (i.e an exception will be thrown if
the input type does not match the type specified by the schema).

Params Type and Shape Enforcement
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
The params types and shapes are checked against the signature.

MLflow verifies the compatibility of each parameter provided during inference by comparing its type and shape 

> with those specified in the signature. Scalar values should have a shape of None, while list values should have 
> a shape of (-1,). If the parameter's type or shape is incompatible, an MlflowException will be raised. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with those specified in the signature. Scalar values should have a shape of ``None``, while list values should have 
a shape of ``(-1,)``. If the parameter's type or shape is incompatible, an MlflowException will be raised. 
```

.. note::
    Dictionary parameters passed in to `predict` function will override the values in inference_config.
    This functionality is not supported for model serving yet, but it will be supported in the short future.

* Using inference_config

.. code-block:: python

    # Define an inference_config
    inference_config = {
        "num_beams": 5,
        "max_length": 30,
        "do_sample": True,
        "remove_invalid_values": True,
    }

    # Saving inference_config with the model
    mlflow.transformers.save_model(
        model,
        path=model_path,
        inference_config=inference_config,
        signature=signature,
    )

    pyfunc_loaded = mlflow.pyfunc.load_model(model_path)
    # inference_config will be applied
    result = pyfunc_loaded.predict(data)

* Using dictionary parameters

.. code-block:: python

    # Saving model without inference_config
    mlflow.transformers.save_model(
        model,
        path=model_path,
        signature=signature,
    )

    pyfunc_loaded = mlflow.pyfunc.load_model(model_path)
    # Passing inferenc_config dictionary as parameters to predict function directly

>     result = pyfunc_loaded.predict(data, parameters=inference_config)

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to shorten `parameters` to `params?`

Author: That would change all signatures to params 🤔 Most cases users don't need to specify this `parameters=` as there're just two args for `predict` method

Reviewer: `params` would be consistent with MLflow Tracking. Can we rename to `params` for consistency?

Reviewer: @BenWilson2 agrees too

Author: Ok!

\***** If using `pyfunc` in MLflow Model Serving for realtime inference, the raw audio in bytes format must be base64 encoded prior to submitting to the endpoint. String inputs will be interpreted as uri locations.

> Using inference_config and dictionary parameters for `transformers` inference

Reviewer: I think we should also add docs to https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/models.html#model-signature to explain what `parameters` are, what they're used for, and include some examples.

Author: I'm thinking of adding it in a follow-up PR

Reviewer: Sounds good :)

Author: Updated.

> Using inference_config and dictionary parameters for `transformers` inference
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
> For `transformers` inference, there are two ways to pass in additional arguments to the pipeline.
> 
> * Use inference_config when saving/logging the model
> * Use dictionary parameters during `predict` function call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using inference_config and model signature parameters for `transformers` inference
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
For `transformers` inference, there are two ways to pass in additional arguments to the pipeline.

* Use inference_config when saving/logging the model
* Specify values for parameters defined by the model's signature during `predict` function call
```

> * Use dictionary parameters during `predict` function call

Reviewer: @serena-ruan do we have a follow-up to support these arguments for `mlflow.pyfunc.spark_udf()`?

cc @BenWilson2

Author: Updated in this PR

.. note::
    Dictionary parameters passed in to `predict` function will override the values in inference_config.
    This functionality is not supported for model serving yet, but it will be supported in the short future.

* Using inference_config

.. code-block:: python

    from mlflow.models import infer_signature
    from mlflow.transformers import generate_signature_output

    # Infer the signature
    signature_with_params = infer_signature(
        data,
        generate_signature_output(model, data),
    )

    # Define an inference_config
    inference_config = {
        "num_beams": 5,
        "max_length": 30,
        "do_sample": True,
        "remove_invalid_values": True,
    }

    # Saving inference_config with the model
    mlflow.transformers.save_model(
        model,
        path=model_path,
        inference_config=inference_config,
        signature=signature,
    )

    pyfunc_loaded = mlflow.pyfunc.load_model(model_path)
    # inference_config will be applied
    result = pyfunc_loaded.predict(data)

> * Using dictionary parameters

Reviewer: As in https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/8563/files#r1241518100, I don't think we should call these "dictionary parameters". I think it's better to say:

```suggestion
* Specifying parameters at inference time
```

.. code-block:: python

    from mlflow.models import infer_signature
    from mlflow.transformers import generate_signature_output

    # Infer the signature including parameters
    signature_with_params = infer_signature(
        data,
        generate_signature_output(model, data),

>         parameters=inference_config,

Reviewer: This should be `params` instead of `parameters` for consistency with `predict()`

\***** If using `pyfunc` in MLflow Model Serving for realtime inference, the raw audio in bytes format must be base64 encoded prior to submitting to the endpoint. String inputs will be interpreted as uri locations.

Using inference_config and model signature parameters for `transformers` inference
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
For `transformers` inference, there are two ways to pass in additional arguments to the pipeline.

* Use inference_config when saving/logging the model
* Specify parameters at inference time when calling `predict()`

.. note::
    Model signature parameters passed in to `predict` function will override the values in inference_config.

>     This functionality is not supported for model serving yet, but it will be supported in the short future.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this line, since we're supporting this capability in model serving as part of this PR, right?

```suggestion
```
